[workspace] Refactor and several issues (#4106)
conan-io/docs: reference/commands/new.rst

  Its variables are: ``name``, ``version``

- **workspace**:
  Creates a local project with some editable packages and a ``conanws.yml`` that represents it.

>   Its variables are: ``requires`` (package ``liba`` will depend on that requirement)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Its variables are: ``requires`` (``-d requires=mymath/0.1`` will add an external dependency of the workspace to a ``mymath/0.1`` package that should exist in the Conan cache or in remotes)
```

> 

Author: Much better 😉
